Update Changelog with 1.6.3 release (#4071)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.6.3] - 2023-04-12

### Added

- Entry API responses now include the `created_at` field (#3975)

> - `spire-server agent list` CLI command now shows if agents can be re-attested and supports `by_can_reattest` filtering (#3880)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spire-server agent` CLI commands and Agent APIs now show if agents can be re-attested and supports `by_can_reattest` filtering (#3880)
```
1. This applies to both `spire-server agent list` and `spire-server agent show` CLI commands. Might be easier to just say more generically that this field is presented by the `spire-server agent` CLI subcommand.
2. Probably worth mentioning that the API also supports the same field

> - `spire-server entry create`, `spire-server entry show` and `spire-server entry update` CLI commands now support hint information, to disambiguate entries with the same SPIFFE ID (#3926, #3787)

Reviewer 2: It's probably less about disambiguating entries with the same SPIFFE ID and more about hinting to the workload the intended use of each SVID they are receiving?

Reviewer 3: and it is not only affecting CLI but APIs too

### Changed

> - X509 CAs minted by an UpstreamAuthority plugin no longer require to have a URI SAN (#3997)

Reviewer 2: I would move this under "Fixed" since it was a regression.

```suggestion
- Regression causing X509 CAs minted by an UpstreamAuthority plugin to be rejected if they did not have a URI SAN (#3997)
```

### Fixed

- The `vault` UpstreamAuthority plugin to properly set the URI SAN (#3971)

> - Node resolver data related to deleted nodes is now cleaned (#3873, #3919)

Reviewer 2: This could be confused with the (now removed) plugin
```suggestion
- Node selector data related to deleted nodes is now cleaned (#3873, #3919)
```

Reviewer: This references one out of two of the PRs for this fix (#3873) as well as the related issue (#3919). I think in most cases we are only referencing the PRs in the changelog.

Shall we change this to reference #3873 and #3941 instead?

> - Failure to parse JSON formatted and verbose HCL configuration for plugins (#3939, #3999)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Regression causing a failure to parse JSON formatted and verbose HCL configuration for plugins (#3939, #3999)
```
